hey Mr mufu check this
out I thought that was a trick in videos
that you reversed it or
something let's lower the bar so you get
a feel for it body oh I just feel like
there's a lot of
weight okay well I mean we can start
adding some weight to you with the
weight vest is you are now at
183.2 one.5 all right let's go let's go
let's go ah yeah yes yeah we can go up
50 shut up 22.5 oh the jump is going to
be harder than anything oh my God see if
I can do it
again yeah God you just you just
destroyed everyone's excuses if my body
weight or lower wow all you bodybuilders
out there that weigh 250 this is still
possible you just got to work on it
that's all stay flexy I
guess